# AQUA
maritime route optimazation

unzipped the node_modules(contains the depth, land gird and also the node modules needed) and extract the contents in the root folder. 



Weather Prediction Model: 

How to Run:
This model generates weather forecasts on a per-factor basis. 

You must run the script separately for each environmental factor (e.g., wind, waves, ice) using its dedicated configuration file.

1. Install Requirements
First, install the necessary Python libraries using the requirements.txt file:

pip install -r requirements.txt

2. Generate a Forecast
Run the main script (weather.py), pointing to the specific configuration file for the factor you want to forecast. 

Example Command (for Wind):

python weather.py --config wind_asc_config.json

All generated forecast files will be saved in the forecast_output/ directory as a NetCDF (.nc) file. 

To generate forecasts for other factors like waves or ice, simply replace wind_asc_config.json with the corresponding config file (e.g., waves_config.json).

3. System Recommendation
This script can be memory-intensive, especially during the Genetic Algorithm optimization.

For stable performance, it is recommended to run the script on a virtual machine (VM) or a system with at least 16GB of RAM.

//The "nc_data" folder contains the forecast files generated by this Weather Prediction Model. 

//This data is used as an input for the A* pathfinding algorithm. You can download the pre-generated folder from the link below.

**[Click here to access the Project Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1axyjNdWWTPJFyT0RH5i_vWjxACgbHBeM?usp=sharing)**
